# Genoapay

## Admin
upload/admin/controller/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/admin/controller/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/admin/language/en-gb/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/admin/language/en-gb/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/admin/model/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/admin/model/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/admin/view/image/payment/genoapay.svg upload/admin/view/image/payment/genoapay.svg
upload/admin/view/image/payment/genoapay_small.svg upload/admin/view/image/payment/genoapay_small.svg
upload/admin/view/javascript/genoapay/refund.js upload/admin/view/javascript/genoapay/refund.js
upload/admin/template/extension/payment/genoapay.twig upload/admin/template/extension/payment/genoapay.twig

## Catalog
upload/catalog/controller/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/catalog/controller/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/catalog/language/en-gb/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/catalog/language/en-gb/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/catalog/model/extension/payment/genoapay.php upload/catalog/model/extension/payment/genoapay.php
upload/catalog/view/javascript/genoapay/css/style.css upload/catalog/view/javascript/genoapay/css/style.css
upload/catalog/view/javascript/genoapay/js/modal.js upload/catalog/view/javascript/genoapay/js/modal.js
upload/catalog/view/theme/default/template/extension/payment/genoapay.twig upload/catalog/view/theme/default/template/extension/payment/genoapay.twig

# Latitudepay
## Admin
upload/admin/controller/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/admin/controller/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/admin/language/en-gb/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/admin/language/en-gb/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/admin/model/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/admin/model/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/admin/view/image/payment/latitude_pay.svg upload/admin/view/image/payment/latitude_pay.svg
upload/admin/view/image/payment/latitude_pay_small.svg upload/admin/view/image/payment/latitude_pay_small.svg
upload/admin/view/javascript/latitude_pay/refund.js upload/admin/view/javascript/latitude_pay/refund.js
upload/admin/template/extension/payment/latitude_pay.twig upload/admin/template/extension/payment/latitude_pay.twig

## Catalog
upload/catalog/controller/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/catalog/controller/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/catalog/language/en-gb/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/catalog/language/en-gb/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/catalog/model/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php upload/catalog/model/extension/payment/latitude_pay.php
upload/catalog/view/javascript/latitude_pay/css/style.css upload/catalog/view/javascript/latitude_pay/css/style.css
upload/catalog/view/javascript/latitude_pay/js/modal.js upload/catalog/view/javascript/latitude_pay/js/modal.js
upload/catalog/view/theme/default/template/extension/payment/latitude_pay.twig upload/catalog/view/theme/default/template/extension/payment/latitude_pay.twig

# Images
/upload/catalog/image/catalog/* /upload/catalog/image/catalog/

# Library
/upload/system/library/* /upload/system/library/